News

Buy / Donate

Screenshots

Manual

Contribute

Buying the Windows or MacOSX version

The Windows and MacOSX versions have a limited number of activities, about %(demo_activities)s on the %(total_activities)s available.

Click on the button below let you pay 9€ for the activation code. After payment you will receive immediately an email with your instructions (check your spam folder). If you do not receive this email please write me at bruno.coudoin@gcompris.net.

Contact me to get a quote for your school.

The registration gives you the right to update to any new release of GCompris for 2 years. After that period, you can continue to use the latest release you got for as long as you wish.

Thanks for your support of free software in education.

Legal reference: Company Bruno Coudoin RCS Toulouse France 498 157 536.

Donate

You, your children, your classroom love GCompris. You have now the opportunity to help this project.

Developing software takes a lot of time, it needs hardware, it implies moving to promote the project. Said simply, I need your help to continue my investment in this project.

You can donate the amount of your choice by clicking on the button below:

Download GCompris

Version %(version)s

View all screenshots

GCompris is a high quality educational software suite comprising of numerous activities for children aged 2 to 10.

Some of the activities are game orientated, but nonetheless still educational.

Below you can find a list of categories with some of the activities available in that category.

computer discovery: keyboard, mouse, different mouse gesture, ...

algebra: table memory, enumeration, double entry table, mirror image, ...

science: the canal lock, the water cycle, the submarine, electric simulation ...

geography: place the country on the map

games: chess, memory, connect 4, oware, sudoku ...

reading: reading practice

other: learn to tell time, puzzle of famous paintings, vector drawing, cartoon making, ...

Currently GCompris offers in excess of 100 activities and more are being developed. GCompris is free software, that means that you can adapt it to your own needs, improve it and, most importantly, share it with children everywhere.

Latest news

All the news
